Send notification to slack-agent in runner manager instead of runner pod (#84)
cybozu-go/meows: docs/runner-pod-api.md

	"deletion_time":"0001-01-01T00:00:00Z"
}'
```

## `GET /job_result`

This API returns a pod's job result.

When the pod state is `initializing`, `running` or `stale`, it returns a json contains `status` key with `'unfinished'` as value.
When the pod state is `debugging` (i.e. the pod is finished), it returns a json contains `status` key with one

> of `'success', 'failure', 'cancelled', 'unknown'` as value and other job result values.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
of `'success', 'failure', 'cancelled', 'unknown'` as value along with other keys describing job result.
```

**Successful response**

- HTTP status code: 200 OK
- HTTP response header: `Content-Type: application/json`
- HTTP response body: Current JobResultResponse in JSON

**Failure responses**

- If it fails to get the job information  

> 500 internal server error in HTTP status code.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
HTTP status code: 500 Internal Server Error
```

It should be written consistently with the other descriptions.

```console

> $ # When the pod stats is `initializing`, `running` or `stale`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
$ # When the pod state is `initializing`, `running` or `stale`:
```

"When X is Y" needs a subsequent sentence that describes what will happen.

$ curl -s -XGET localhost:8080/job_result
{
	"status":"unfinished"
}

> $ # When the pod state is `debugging`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
$ # When the pod state is `debugging`:
```
